Theres a little bit of Lore Theory at play here. As you might know, when you light the Nightmare Lantern, the Grimm Troupe arrives in Dirtmouth. In front of the tent are sitting two 'Steeds'. Potentionally Grimm's horses basically. Now,
Willoh is mentioned on the wiki to be the same bug type as the steeds in front of the Grimm Troupe tent (giraffe weevils), but Willoh looks slightly different. And we think that Willoh was previously a member of the Grimm Troupe. But as Brumm 
loses his mask when you banish the Troupe, Willoh too was banished in her time being apart of the Grimm Troupe. You can see the difference on the antennae. The steeds' antennae are pulled back (because of the mask) and Willoh's antennae are pointing upwards, 
because she doesnt have a mask. Anymore.. In the end we dont really know and its just speculation for funsies because Willoh actually doesnt mention ANYTHING about the Grimm Troupe, even after you light the lantern or banish the Troupe.
Willoh just looks, suspiciously, the same as the Grimm Troupe Horses.

Crossroads

King's Pass
Aspid Arena (10)
False Knight Husks (20)
Vengeful Spirit
Ancestral mound Baldur (70)

Greenpath

Enter Greenpath
Greenpath Baldur (120)
Moss Knight (160)
Vengefly King (220
Greenpath Rocks (380)
Greenpath Stag (240)
Mothwing Cloak

Fungal Wastes
Kill Gruz Mother (290)
Salubra Bench
TE Shade Skip to Blue Lake
Dream Nail
SQ out of Seer animation to Salubra
Enter Fungal Wastes
Do your preferred explosion pogo
Mantis Claw
Open Queen's Station (170)

Monarch Wings

Go back to Spore Shroom Room
Enter Deepnest
Spa Bench
Darkroom towards Tram Pass
Farm some Carver Hatchers until you have 300 geo
SQ to Spa Bench
Goam room to Tram
Tram Bench
Enter Ancient Basin
Slope Ball to Broken Vessel
Shamanless VS only Broken Vessel
Monarch Wings
SQ to Tram Bench

Horse
Drop down to Basin
Open Hidden Station Stag (0)
[2D] Stag to Greenpath
Greenpath Bench
Go to Baldur Shell
Monarch Wings to Howling Cliffs (Above the chest, above Baldur Shell)
Light the Lantern 
SQ to Greenpath
[1U] Stag to Dirtmouth
Talk to the steeds in front of the Grimm Troupe Tent
[2D] Stag to Queen's Station
Talk to Willoh
Grab Willoh Seal to end the Autosplitter and become Horse

This is a trust exercise of actually talking to the Steeds and Willoh, for Hollow Knight Autosplitter can't split dialogue boxes. And why Willoh's Seal ends the Livesplit
